What is the weather like in your country? also tell me about the seasons
How is the weather today where you are? what is happening now?
How has the weather changed in your country overtime? Was the weather different when you were child?
I would like to know about your house. How many rooms are there? Also tell me about your favorite room.
Tell me about some problems you have experienced in your house. For example it could be noise from your neighbor, something was broken, or someone you lived with didn't cooperate with you
Tell me about one of the problem you've mentioned above. What was the problem? And how did you deal with it
Tell me about typical restaurant in your country. What are they like and what kind of food do they serve?
When was the last time you ate out? Where did you go? And who did you go there with? What did you eat at the restaurant?
Tell me about especial dish you had at a restaurant. How was the food? Was it  memorable?
What type of music do you like listening to? Who is your favorite singer or composer?
When and where do you listen to music? Do you listen to the radio? Or do you go to concert?
When did you first become interested in listening to music? What kind of music did you listen to when you were a child? How has your interest in music changed over time?
Tell me about a beach you like to go to. Where is it? What does it look like? How often do you go to the beach?
Tell me about a beach you recently went to. What did it look like? What did you like about the beach?
Tell me about a memorable trip to a beach. Where did you go? What did you do there? What made it so memorable?
Tell me about gatherings and celebration in your country. How do people celebrate them? And what do they do when they get together?
Tell me about the last gathering or celebration you went to. What was it? And what did you do there?
Tell me about a memorable experience you had at a gathering or celebration. What happened? And why is it unforgettable?
Describe your house to me. What does it look like? What types of room does it have, also tell me about your favorite room.
What activities do you usually do when you are at home. What do you do on weekdays and what do you do on weekends
Tell me about the house you lived in when you were a child. How is it different from the house you live in now.
Tell me about one of your family members or friends. What is he or she like. Tell about the person in detail.
What kind of appointments do you usually make? Who do you make appointments with and how do you make them?
Tell me about an appointment you made when you were a child. What was the appointment for? Was it with a doctor or a dentist? How did it go?
Tell me about a memorable experience you had during an appointment. Was it unexpected? What happened? And how did you deal with the situation?
Tell me about your first trip abroad. Where did you go? And who did you go with? What did you do there?
Tell me about a memorable or unforgettable experience you had while traveling abroad. What happened and why was the experience memorable?
Tell me about transportation in your country. What types of transportation do people use?
What kind of transportation do you use to get around? Do you use public transportation? Or do you drive?
Sometimes riding a subway or bus can be uncomfortable, have you ever had any problems while taking public transportation?
Where do you enjoy going camping? Describe the place where you often go  camping and as much details as you can.
When did you first start camping? How did you become interested in camping?
Tell me about your most memorable camping trip. Where did you go? What did you do while you were camping? Why was it so memorable?
like to know what people in your country do in their free time. What activities do people do? And how do they spend their free time?
How have the ways you spend your free time changed over the years? What did you do when you had free time in the past? And what do you do when you have free time now?
Tell me about the last time you had free time? When was it? And what did you do? Who did you spend the time with?
Tell me about banks in your country. Where are they located? and What do they look like?
What do you do when you go to the bank? Tell me what you typically do when you go the bank in as much detail as you can.
How have banks changed over the years? How were banks when you were young? and How are they now?
Tell me about your country's geography. Are there mountains, rivers or lakes in your country?
What are some typical activities people in your country do? Do they go hiking, go swimming or ride their bicycle?
Tell me about a special landscape you've seen. What is special about it? When did you see it?
Tell me about cafes or coffee shops in your country. What are they like? What do people usually do there?
Tell me about the first time you went to a coffee shop. When was it? Who did you go with? What do you remember the most about it?
Tell me about the most memorable event you've had when you were a a cafe. What happened? and What made it so memorable to you?
Tell me about a rising industry or company in your country. What is it? And why is that industry or company rising and becoming popular?
Tell me about a promising company in that industry you mention about. Why is the company promising? What benefit does it bring to your society?
Tell me about recent changes in that company you mention about. For example, the company released a new product.
What kind of concert do you like to go to? Why do you like those kinds of concerts?
When did you start going to concerts? How did you first become interested in going concerts?
Tell me about the last time you went to a concert. Who's concert was it? Where was it? And who did you go with?
You indicated on the survey that you enjoy traveling domestically. What is your favorite location? And why do you like that place?
Tell me about your trip you took in your youth, where did you go? And who did you go with? Why did you go there?
Have you had any interesting or unforgettable experiences while you are traveling in your own country? Tell me what happened in detail.
Tell me about recycling in your country, How do people recycle? And what do they recycle?
How do you recycle? Do you recycle everyday? where do you take the recycling items to? Tell me all the steps you take for recycling.
Tell me about a memorable or unexpected accident you've experienced while you were recycling. what happened? Why was it memorable to you?
Let's talk about Holidays in your country. What holidays are there? How were they celebrate it?
Tell me about Holiday experience to had when you were a child. What did you do? And who did you spend a holiday with?
Tell me about the last Holiday you had. What did you do? Was there anything about that holiday?
What is your favorite kind of movie? Why do you like watch that type of movie?
Tell me about the last time you went to a movie. Who did you go with? What did you do before and after going to the movie?
Tell me about the most memorable movie you've seen.  What was it about? How did you feel while watching it?
Tell me something about yourself.
What kind of clothes do people wear in your country? What are some fashion trends or special fashion styles in your country?
What clothes you like to wear? What do you usually wear? What are you wearing now?
Fashion trends change all the time. What kind of clothes were popular when you were younger? What kind of clothes are popular now?
Please describe the park you often go to. Where is it located? What does it look like? What do people do there?
How did you first become interested in going to parks? How has your interest in going the parks changed over time?
Tell me one memorable experience you had at a park. What happened and why was it memorable?
Tell me about hotels in your country. What are they like? Where they located?
Can you tell me about the last time you stayed at a hotel? Where did you stay? What did you do at the hotel?
Tell me about a memorable hotel you stayed at. Which hotel was it and why was that hotel special to you?
You indicated the survey that you take vacations domestically. Tell me about some of the places that you would like to visit. Describe the places and also tell me why you would like to visit those places.
What do you usually prepare when you take a trip? What are the things you do to prepare for your trips?
Tell me about a memorable or unforgettable thing that happened when you traveled in your own country. What happened and what made the experience memorable to you?
You may talk on the phone with your family or friends. When you talk on the phone, what do you normally talk about?
When and where do you chat on the phone? Who do you usually talk to on the phone?
Tell me about a memorable phone conversation you had. When was it and who did you talk to? Why is it memorable to you?
Tell me about a healthy person you know. Why do you think that person is healthy?
What t hings have you tried to stay healthy? Did you eat healthy food? Did you regularly work out?
Tell me about some health problems we can have. What are things I can happened related to health? And how can make it fixed?
Please describe the bar you often go to.What does it look like?
Who do you usually go to the bar with.When you go, what do you usually drink and what do you do there?
Have you ever had a memorable experience at a bar?What happened and why is it so memorable?
Tell me about your favorite piece of furniture in your house?What does it look like and why do you like that piece of furniture?
Tell me about the furniture you had when you were a child.How was it different from the furniture you have now?
Have you ever had any problems with a piece of furniture.Was it broken? did it have a stain? tell me what happened and how you solved the problem.
What kind of music do you listen to?Who is your favorite musician or composer?
How did you first become interested in listening to  music?How has your taste in music developed and changed over time?
Do you have any experience of listening to live music?What was it? who were you with? and how did you like it?
Where do you enjoy going camping? Descibe camp ground when you ofthen go to camping. And as much detail as you can.
What do you usaully do when you go camping? Tell me some activities you do a camping.
Tell me about in memorable experience you had a camping. What happened? And why was it so memorable?
Describe your house to me. What does it look like? What types of room does it have? Also, tell me about your favorite room?
Describe your house to me. What does it look like? What types of room does it have? Also, tell me about your favorite room?
Can you tell me about your changed you made home? What was the change?  why did you decide to make that change?
Tell me about take-out of delivery restaurants you like? How often do you eat from there? what are they like? What kind of food do they offer?
Can you tell me about the last time you ate something from take-out or delivery restaurant?Where did you go? And who did you go with? What did you eat at the restaurant?
Tell me about especially occasion when you use a take-out or delivery restaurant? What food did you get from the restaurant? And how do they go?
Tell me about a beach you like to go to. Where is it? What does it look like? How often do you go to that beach?
When do you go to the beach? Who do you usually go to the beach with? What do you do when you go to the beach?
Tell me about in memorable trips to the beach? Where did you go? What did you do there? What made it so memorable?
What is the movie theater you go to the most often? Where is it? What does it look like?
Tell me about the most memorable movie you watched. What was it about? Why was the movie memorable are special to you?
What do you usually do on the internet? Do you shop online? read books? or post of the videos?
Tell me about your first internet surfing experience. What are the things you remember about that experience?
You may have things that you remember seen on the internet. Tell me about the memorable things you have seen on the internet. Why were they memorable to you?
