I would like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to watch a movie with your friend. Call a theater and ask 3 or 4 questions about the movie tickets
I'm sorry but there is a problem I want you to resolve. You just found out you've been sold the wrong tickets. Ask someone at the movie theater for solution giving him or her 2 or 3 alternatives
Have you ever been in a situation or you had a problem with buying tickets or making a reservations? What was the situation, and how did you solve the problem?
I like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to buy a piece of furniture for your house. Ask the sales person at the furniture store 3 or 4 questions about the furniture you want to buy.
I'm sorry but there is a problem I want you to resolve. You just found out that there is a problem with the furniture you bought. Call the store, explain the situation and suggest 2 or 3 solutions.
Have ever had a problem with something you bought? What was the problem and how did you solved it.
I would like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You are at in bank now. Because you want to open a bank account. Ask the banker tell her 3 or 4 questions about opening in new account.
I'm sorry but there is a problem I need you to resolve. You just found out that you left your credit card at a restaurant. Call the restaurant and explain the situation. Describe in the table the you sat at and the card you left. Then discuss how to get the card back.
That's the end of the situation. Have you ever had any problems at a bank? What happened? How did you solve the problem?
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to light a car for a week. Call the car rent a company. And ask 3 or 4 questions about renting a car.
I'm sorry but there's a problem I want you to resolve. You rent to the car. But there's some problems with the car.Call the car rent to a company. Explain the situation. And suggest 2 or 3 alternatives.
That's the end of the situation. Have you ever rent to the car? What was the reason you rent to the car? Tell me in detail all the things about your experience of renting in the car.
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out.You want to buy an mp3 player.Call your friend and ask 3 or 4 questions about your friend's mp3 player to help you decide which mp3 player to buy.
I'm sorry but there's a problem I want you to resolve.You borrowed an mp3 player from your friend but you accidently broke it.Call your friend, explain a situation and just suggest 2 or 3 alternatives.
That's the end of the situation.Have you ever been in a situation where you or someone you know broke a piece of equipment?What was the problem and how did you solve it?
would like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to buy two tickets to a concert. Call the ticket office and ask 3 or 4 questions about buying the tickets.
I'm sorry. But there's a problem I want you to resolve. You were supposed to go to a concert with your friend. But you can't because you're very sick. Call your friend explain the situation and give 2 or 3 alternatives.
Have you ever been in a situation you had to cancel a plan at the last minutes because something suddenly came up? What was the problem and how did you solve the problem?
would like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You haven't invited to your friend's birthday party. And the party is going to be held at a bar. Call your friend and ask 3 or 4 questions about the location of the party.
I'm sorry. But there's a problem I want you to resolve. You have to take a test tomorrow. So you cannot make it to your friend's birthday party. Call your friend explain the situation and give 2 or 3 alternatives.
Have you ever been in a situation you had to cancel or change your plan because something came up? What was the situation? And how did you solve the problem?
You want to go to the beach with your friend. Call your friend, And ask 3 or 4 questions to make plan to go to the beach.
I'm sorry, But there a problem I want you to resolve. you were suppose to go to  the beach with your friend. But you just heard the weather will be very bad that day. Call your friend, explain a situation and give 2 or 3 solutions.
Have you ever had a problem or unexpected you've been at the beach? What was the situation? and How did you handle it?
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. You want to make a doctor appointment . Call the doctor's office and ask 3 or 4 questions about making an appointment.
I'm sorry but there's a problem i want you to resolve. You made an appointment with your doctor, but something came up. So you cannot make it. Call the doctor's office, explain the situation and reschedule the appointment.
Tell me about an experience when you had to cancel an appointment you made. What happened? Why did you have to cancel the appointment? And how did you deal with the situation?
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Your relatives are going to travel and their house is going to be empty. You are asked to watch the house while they are gone on the trip. Call your relatives and ask 3 or 4 questions about what you need to do.
I'm sorry, but there is a problem I need you to resolve. You just arrived at your relatives' house. But you cannot get into the house because you cannot find the key to the house. Call your relatives and a couple of questions to solve the problem.
That's the end of the situation. Have you ever been in a situation you couldn't keep a promise of the friend of family member? What was the reason you couldn't keep the promise? and How did you deal with the situation?
You want to go on a trip. Call a travel agency, and ask 3 or 4 questions about the trip you want to take.
You made a reservation for a trip. But something came up, so you cannot go. You have to change your flight schedule. Call a travel agency, explain the situation and give 2 or 3 alternatives.
Have you ever had a problem while planning for a trip? What was the problem? And how did you solve the problem?
I'd like to give you a situation and ask you to act it out. Your friend wants to go to a park this weekend and invited you to go together. Call your friend and ask 3 or 4 questions about your friend's plan.
I'm sorry but there is a problem I want you to resolve. You were supposed to pick up your friend to go to park together but something came up, so you can't make it. Call your friend, explain the situation and suggest 2 or 3 alternatives.
Tell me about a memorable experience you had at a park. What happened and why was it memorable to you, also how did you deal with the situation.
