You indicated in a survey that you take vacations domestically. How is traveling different now compare to the past. Do you think traveling is easier? or more difficult now then before.
Tell me about some issues concerning traveling. How do the people handle those issues or problems.
Pick 2 of your friends or family members. How are they similar and how are they different?
What do you usually talk about with your friends or family members? Tell me about the last conversation you had with one of them.
Tell me about some issues people are concern about related to internet these days, maybe there are security or safety related issues? Also how do they affect people's lives.
How is using the internet different among people in different age groups? What do younger people normally do on the internet and what do older people do on the internet?
Compare the movies today to movies you watched when you were a child. How have movies changed over the years? Tell me the similarities and differences between them.
What issues about movies do you talk about with your friends or your family members these days? What are they and why are they big issues?
Talk about two different kinds of music or musician do you like. What are some dissimilarities and differences between them?
Tell me about some music gadgets or equipment people in your country are interested in. Why are people interested in these music gadgets or equipment?
Tell me about a country that has similar geographical features to your country. What changes has that country had in a recent year?
Tell me about an article you read about the country you mentioned about. Was it political or economical news about the country? What was the news about?
like to know where you live. How do you solve problems when something happened in your house? How are the ways to solve problems at your home different from the ways your parents solve problems at their home.
Tell me about some issues people have when they rent a house or an apartment? What are the things people are concerned about when renting a house or an apartment? And how do they dill with them?
You indicated in the survey that you take vacations internationally. How has the traveling abroad changed over the years? Is it easier or more difficult to travel compare to the past?
Tell me about things that unimportant to people when they travel to overseas? What are the things people are interested in seeing? What are the things that unimportant to do to travelers?
Compare two different parks you know. How are they different? How are they similar? Which one do you like better? And why do you like it better?
Let's talk about the issues that parks are face with these days. What do you think are the challenges that parks face? What is current(?) concerns? And how can they be solved?
How has the way people maintain their health change in your country over the years?What things are different about maintaing health from the past to the present?
Tell me about some health related issues that are in the news recently.Why are the issues and what are people saying about them?Talk about problems that are related to health in detail.
Compare the activities that children do at parks with does adults do at parks. Also, compare facilities at parks for children and adults. How are they different.
Let's talk about some issues that parks are face with these days. What do you think are the challenges that park face? What is the closest concerned? And how can they be solved?
Tell me about recycling related issue that was news recently. What was news about? And why was in issue?
Tell me about actor or actress who's on the news recently. Why was he or she on the news. And what was the issue about?
